hey guys bomber FD here I'm bringing you
today a tutorial of how to solo crotas
end with a sunsinger warlock first you
want to make sure you have balanced
glide as well as max agility I also have
a multi-tool equipped even though it's
not needed it just helps me run through
this a little bit quicker and show you
guys all the things that you need to
know so let's get started you're gonna
want to run to the second lamp here and
behind the second lamp is gonna be a
rock you can either run to the left or
the right doesn't matter and you'll find
a little rock to help you get up to the
bigger rock once you do get up to the
big rock you'll see a point you're gonna
want to follow that point up to the wall
and you'll see an indent line in the
wall that's your marker and where you
want to line up your jump make sure you
jump immediately after you're in the air
so that you use that full momentum of
the balance glide and now that you have
skipped about 3/4 of the entire phase
you only have a few more lamps to go
after this lamp here you're gonna have a
night just hanging out and so I usually
try to get most my stacks off here just
so that I can run right past him yep
there he is how's it going and we're
moving right on top
this last lamp here you're actually
going to try to get at least down to
three or four stacks of the weight of
darkness that way you can just make a
straight-line run for opening the bridge
and getting on the safe ledge here and
the safe ledge up here is almost looks
like a airplane fin and you can jump on
it ran out your tent stack which is
totally fine as you can see I'm here and
it's a completely safe place it's
absolutely the safest place you can be
because it gives you a perfect line to
turn around and kill the yogurt where
I'm pointing right now when that ogre
does come out he sometimes does glitch
which is a real pain in the butt because
then all sudden he can appear right
where that heavy ammo is as a level 32
he only takes four shots to the head and
then you are safe sailing all the way
until that bridge then opens up
and then you are on to the next phase
you can do this as level 30 I don't know
the exact shots it takes to kill the
ogre but you know that one ocher is your
only threat to going across there and
now on to the next phase as I wait here
to cross the bridge
and now for the bridge encounter I did
switch to my fate bringer as well as my
Gjallarhorn just to make it a little bit
easier you know oh it and step on the
circle to start it up which brings the
sword bearer out go ahead and kill that
sword bear and then I'm going to show
where I stand on just to jump across
again this video is only gonna be
showing more how to jump across I'm not
gonna be killing the ogres or showing
any of that since that's a pretty easy
process you're gonna want to go to the
ledge that's all the way against the
edge here and then you're going to look
at a marker here it's like a little
design and that's your marker where you
want to jump go to your max height here
and start swinging away like crazy if
you cut that corner too quickly you will
hit an invisible wall and you will die
come across kill the gatekeepers and
yogurt and job well done next part is
the speed chest with the two Shriekers
there's really no need to do any
tutorial over this part so I'm just
gonna go ahead and just play through it
and we will go ahead and make our way to
the next checkpoint
all right on to the deathsinger phase
here I'm gonna be using the Gjallarhorn
and you also want to make sure that you
have at least five Rockets ready to go
you can go jump up here in the corner
and come around and hit this first side
also wait until this boomer and I comes
out because he will ruin your day by
following you back in as soon as the
wizard sees you go ahead and wreck his
day with two Rockets get a reload and go
ahead and take down that Shrieker
immediately after that done that glass
wall is already done but you'll have a
party usually waiting depends on how
quickly you do that that party will get
a little bit bigger and it makes it
pretty sketch to come out this next part
you only need two Rockets just to help
take care of the wizard you're gonna
come around let the wizard see you go
and shoot your first one shoot your
second one maybe do a couple shots in
the head and then you can actually turn
around and get rid on one of these
little coffin things and you can just
slowly take out the Shrieker there's no
hurry at all if you do throw a grenade
if you you have to get it either on the
bottom or the top of the black parts of
the Shrieker because it will go right
through the purple part the heart of the
Shrieker then you want to come down and
this is when you have to start clearing
ads and you're gonna wait until the
death singer goes into singing her
liturgy because that's when she's our
most vulnerable so I'm gonna come back
up here I'm gonna go ahead and start
taking out the ads up here and wait
until she starts singing and once you
start singing and I'll go and tell you
guys where to jump on before I show
where to jump on it is very important to
make sure that you get these shredders
here right here this guy will make it
really difficult for you when she starts
seeing her liturgy and you go up and you
try to get into the hiding spot the
shredders here as well as the acolytes
which I'll show you down the hallway
they're the only things that can shoot
out of range as far as the thralls and
the knights they really don't matter you
can't kill them just for shits and
giggles but at the same time it really
doesn't matter
acolytes and shredders are definitely
your number one priority
inside the Crystal Room
and now the liturgy is beginning so as
you can see she's on the other side of
crystal so I'm gonna run across you know
jump up great into the ledge here I'm
also gonna get close to that corner set
that all the other acolytes and
shredders can't get me and just start
going away with these headshots
obviously if you struggle with that
shots like I am right now I'm gonna pull
out my gallon or make this easier I'm
not gonna show the time of clearing out
all the rest the ads will just jump into
crota decided to do a condensed version
of the crow tequila rather than doing
another four minutes on this so you're
gonna go ahead and kill this sword bear
with a sword breaker just to make it
easier ernie shock and it makes it
really quick it's up on this rock and
you're gonna shoot him twice with a
Gjallarhorn and that's gonna bring him
down to a knee you can easily get in
three slams it takes a total of 11 Slams
as a level 32 to kill them you're gonna
come back on the rock but do remember if
you are warlock to have your radiance
because you can finish it off here if
you don't panic over soul takes a while
to actually kick in and I'll be able to
bring him down here and be able to get
the last two slams in and that's the
crow to kill thank you guys so much for
watching I really do hope it was helpful
if you guys have any questions please
post the comments down below as well as
any ideas or any things that you guys
would like to see if you enjoyed it
please thumbs up as well subscribe
this is bomber FD and I will catch you
guys later